the shove it is one of the original
skateboard tricks developed way back in
the 70s it involves spinning the board
180 degrees under your feet while your
body remains in its original position
start by rolling slowly on a flat
section of graham your front foot should
be just behind the front truck bolt and
your back foot flat and centered on the
tail of the board using your back foot
try to sweep the tail of the board
backwards behind you you'll need to jump
slightly with both feet to allow the
board to rotate underneath you the aim
of the shove it is just to rotate the
board 180 degrees not to get it in the
air as the tail of the board swings
round underneath you your front foot
needs to catch it with your foot bang
over the bolt while your back foot lands
on the tail of the board the basic shove
it is developed into the more versatile
pop shove-it which combines an ally with
the 180 spin your front foot should be
just behind your front bolts with your
heel hanging slightly over the edge pop
the tail and sweep it behind you with
the ball of your foot so that the board
begins to rotate in words keep your
shoulders and body as straight as
possible with your front foot hovering
just above the board to guide it and
keep it from flipping as the board Rises
jump up and forwards with it keeping
your legs and feet clear keep your eyes
on the center of the board as it rotates
so that you can time your catch when you
see the tail swing back round under your
front foot stomp the grip tape over the
bolt your back foot should land back on
the nose and so to recap set up in the
ollie position pop the tail and sweep it
behind you jump up and forward and catch
the board with your front foot